pl/edu/pb/carassistant/History/RefuelingModel.java
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.History.RefuelingModel
pl/edu/pb/carassistant/Dialogs/ChangePasswordDialog.java
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.Dialogs.ChangePasswordDialog
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.Dialogs.ChangePasswordDialog$1
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.Dialogs.ChangePasswordDialog$1$1
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.Dialogs.ChangePasswordDialog$1$2
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.Dialogs.ChangePasswordDialog$2
pl/edu/pb/carassistant/User/NewUserDataActivity.java
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.User.NewUserDataActivity
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.User.NewUserDataActivity$1
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.User.NewUserDataActivity$2
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.User.NewUserDataActivity$3
pl/edu/pb/carassistant/LoginActivity.java
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.LoginActivity
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.LoginActivity$1
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.LoginActivity$2
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.LoginActivity$3
pl/edu/pb/carassistant/Parking/WeatherApi.java
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.Parking.WeatherApi
pl/edu/pb/carassistant/User/UserFragment.java
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.User.UserFragment
pl/edu/pb/carassistant/BuildConfig.java
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.BuildConfig
pl/edu/pb/carassistant/Parking/WeatherService.java
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.Parking.WeatherService
pl/edu/pb/carassistant/Parking/WeatherProvider.java
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.Parking.WeatherProvider
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.Parking.WeatherProvider$1
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.Parking.WeatherProvider$WeatherDataLoaded
pl/edu/pb/carassistant/User/UserModel.java
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.User.UserModel
pl/edu/pb/carassistant/Parking/ParkingFragment.java
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.Parking.ParkingFragment
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.Parking.ParkingFragment$1
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.Parking.ParkingFragment$2
pl/edu/pb/carassistant/Parking/WeatherApiModel.java
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.Parking.WeatherApiModel
pl/edu/pb/carassistant/User/EditUserDataActivity.java
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.User.EditUserDataActivity
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.User.EditUserDataActivity$1
pl/edu/pb/carassistant/History/EditRefuelingActivity.java
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.History.EditRefuelingActivity
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.History.EditRefuelingActivity$1
pl/edu/pb/carassistant/User/UserDatabase.java
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.User.UserDatabase
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.User.UserDatabase$UserDataLoaded
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.User.UserDatabase$UserPhotoLoaded
pl/edu/pb/carassistant/History/HistoryDatabase.java
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.History.HistoryDatabase
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.History.HistoryDatabase$1
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.History.HistoryDatabase$HistoryDataLoaded
pl/edu/pb/carassistant/Parking/WeatherDataModel.java
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.Parking.WeatherDataModel
pl/edu/pb/carassistant/Dialogs/ForgotPasswordDialog.java
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.Dialogs.ForgotPasswordDialog
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.Dialogs.ForgotPasswordDialog$1
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.Dialogs.ForgotPasswordDialog$1$1
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.Dialogs.ForgotPasswordDialog$1$1$1
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.Dialogs.ForgotPasswordDialog$1$1$2
pl/edu/pb/carassistant/RegisterActivity.java
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.RegisterActivity
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.RegisterActivity$1
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.RegisterActivity$2
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.RegisterActivity$3
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.RegisterActivity$4
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.RegisterActivity$5
pl/edu/pb/carassistant/History/NewRefuelingActivity.java
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.History.NewRefuelingActivity
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.History.NewRefuelingActivity$1
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.History.NewRefuelingActivity$2
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.History.NewRefuelingActivity$3
pl/edu/pb/carassistant/MainActivity.java
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.MainActivity
pl/edu/pb/carassistant/Dialogs/DeleteAllHistoryDialog.java
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.Dialogs.DeleteAllHistoryDialog
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.Dialogs.DeleteAllHistoryDialog$1
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.Dialogs.DeleteAllHistoryDialog$1$1
pl/edu/pb/carassistant/History/HistoryFragment.java
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.History.HistoryFragment
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.History.HistoryFragment$1
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.History.HistoryFragment$HistoryAdapter
 pl.edu.pb.carassistant.History.HistoryFragment$HistoryHolder
